Update Splunk integration documentation (#43604)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/splunk.markdown

ha_quality_scale: legacy
---

[Splunk](https://www.splunk.com/) is a data platform for searching, monitoring, and analyzing machine-generated data. The **Splunk** {% term integration %} sends all Home Assistant state changes to a Splunk instance using the [HTTP Event Collector (HEC)](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/latest/Data/UsetheHTTPEventCollector) feature.

## Prerequisites

- A Splunk instance (version 6.3 or later) that is network-accessible from Home Assistant.
- The HTTP Event Collector (HEC) must be enabled and a token created. To set this up in Splunk:
  1. Go to **Settings** > **Data inputs**.
  2. Select **HTTP Event Collector**.
  3. Click **Global Settings** and ensure HEC is **Enabled**.

>   4. Click **New Token** and follow the prompts to create a token for Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Select **Global Settings** and ensure HEC is **Enabled**.
  4. Select **New Token** and follow the prompts to create a token for Home Assistant.
```
We prefer [select over click](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/click)
